In this lecture, I'm going to explain the test and also go over the design.
So we'll be using the test store to replicate a user log in.
In.
Will be used in a combination of email addresses and passwords that are to be stored in an Excel spreadsheet.
We'll be creating two new page object classes, one for the log in page and another for the account
page for when a user is signed in.
Who then creates a new test class that will connect the Excel spreadsheet to retrieve the data.
The Excel spreadsheet that I'll be using will be attached to this lecture.
You are to use it by saving it.
So you haven't got to create it from scratch.
Will be important into our framework.
And this is an example of what the work that contains.
So there's a single tab and it contains free columns, an email address column and a password column
and column C, which is valid credentials.
So we won't be actually use in column C.
This is just to let you know what email address and password combinations are saved against the website.
So as I've explained previously in this course, I recommend you create your own user email address
and passwords, because if another person is taking this course and using one of these email address
and passwords, you may be still in each of those sessions which will knock you out.
So we need to create two new page object classes as we think create these in my project one.
The first one is for the log in page on the left hand side where we have to enter an email address and
password.
And once a user has signed in, they wouldn't be displayed at your account page as shown on the right.
You then use these page objects in a new test class that will be name in shop.
Log in test stock java.
This class will also access the Excel spreadsheet to access the email addresses and password combinations.
You wouldn't try logging into the store using the spreadsheet data using Apache player.
So let's walk through to test.
So the first thing I recommend you do is download the Excel workbook from this lecture, and then once
you've downloaded it, place it in your resources folder as shown.
Would then import this into our project in a moment.
So now that we've done that, I'm going to go to the automation testing websites, which is going to
be our starting point.
I'm then going to click on the test or link.
And then on the top right hand corner, we have a sign in link here.
If I click that, that will take you to the log in page.
So this is where we need to provide an email address and password combination.
And this is where we can also use the Excel data to import this here.
Once we enter an email address and password, we're going to click the sign in button.
So the first user or email address and password you're going to be using is going to be a valid form.
So if I click, sign in here, look what happens in the top right hand corner.
So you can see I'm signed in and I'm also taken to the your account page.
So this is where a user is taken if they successfully sign in.
If I was to enter invalid email, address and password.
You can see the I guess the error message authentication failed.
And I'm not taken to your account page.
So this is how we know what happens if a combination is valid or is invalid because the user is taken
to different paths.
So this is what we're going to be doing in our test.
And if I go back to the Credentials Workbook, you'll see the data that will be used in.
In the upcoming lectures, I'm going to show you how we construct our tests and how we can actually
use this data in our tests.
But first, we need to create the page object classes.